If you're gonna lead a team, you have to know your own inner workings.
Uh, let me explain if you've ever seen the movie band of brothers,
you might notice that one of the leaders there, he was not very well
respected. Um, he thought he was really good at his job, and he expected
other people to realize that he was getting a job. But the fact
is that he wasn't. Now I'm not the best at everything. Um, the thing
is, I realized what I'm good at and what I'm not. As a chief, you
always have to present, you know, expertise. But, um, every chief knows
that they're not, and where our power comes from is that we can
get the resource is to get the correct information. The first time
I started doing evaluations, I didn't really know I was reading the
manual, and it's ah, you know, like, couple 100 pages long, and I have
to get this done in a week or two. Um, I actually needed to go talk
to other chiefs toe, help me make the correct decisions to make sure
that, uh, that I have everything written down correctly. Now, when
it's asked me. Hey, you know what? Can you do these evils? My answer
is yes. My answer is always gonna be Yes. And it's not because,
yes, I have that information. It's yes, I know how to get the information
and you will have the correct product by the end of my journey.
Eso If you can't really do that, then, um if you can't really self
introspect on what you're good and what you're bad at, then you're
gonna have a bad time. But if you can, then, um, yeah, that's that's
on your way to be a good leader.